Lets talk about arrays.
And I'm not talking about the thing you
want at your compensation review of
the year possible after
nothing tough crowd.
Maybe is a hard question.
Arrays the data structure.
There are many ways to convert an item
into array, so if I have an object I can
call object.entries() that will
give me an array of arrays.
Where the first object in the array is or
the first entry at index zero is the key,
there was the value.
Actually and this is should be
something I use all the time.
If you wanna just get the keys out,
you say object.keys and
use that to iterate over an object.
You can say array.from.
It will take an array-like object.
So function arguments
are an array-like object.
They're not an array but they look like
one, and if you convert into an array,
you can use array methods on it.
What's another one?
HTML elements or children, things
like that, not necessarily arrays but
you can manipulate one with array.from.
You could also use spread or
whatever iterable that you want so strings
are iterable, other arrays are iterable.
This just spreads this
odd amount into an array.
So these are ways to get to an array.
Useful methods that I find.
There's a lot.
I could actually do the entire list
cuz they're all pretty useful.
Array .isArray is useful because if
you've been doing JavaScript a while,
finding out if something's an array
was actually a hard problem.
You couldn't actually do just type
of array because array's not a type,
array would come back just as objects.
So array .isArray is extremely useful.
Filter, reduce, concat, join, pop, push I
won't go too much into these and assuming
if you know, a little bit JavaScript
you probably have seen these before.
But what's important to know about
these is which of these methods
return in your re which of them don't.
So filter, just give me a yesterday
returns a new array are now.
>> Yes.
>> Yes, it does reduce.
>> Reduces the tricky one, reduce will
return anything you want to return you
want to return objects,it will return
an object you want to turn an array,
it will return an array.
It will return pretty much
anything you want whatsoever.
This is one of my favorite
methods of all time.
I can do almost anything you want to
do in JavaScript with a reducer and
that's why the famous map reduce, there's
the map part at radial or something and
then reducing it down to
the object you want to get.
That's probably like 50%
of programming that we do,
if you're like being really honest.
The other 50% is just reading
something from a database.
I'm totally serious.
[LAUGH] Like think about what your job
is and that's probably what it is.
It's reducing something and
reading something from a database.
Concat returns a new array or no?
Yes, it does.
It will join two arrays.
It will join, it will actually
if you concat a function and
you can add a function onto an end
of the array if you wanted to.
Pop?
No pop returns that first
item from the array.
It just returns an item.
It doesn't return the array.
Push.
It doesn't return anything.
It's just a method.
Map, it does return a new array.
All right, so now you know these methods.
You don't have to know them
like the back of your hand.
Weird, but I do recommend
knowing at least some of these.
Cuz again, almost anything you wanna
do you can do it with an array.
As long as you know how to
convert something into an array.
You can start manipulating with these.